[HUDI-6112][DOCS] Fix bugs in Doc Generation tool (#9258)
apache/hudi: website/docs/basic_configurations.md

- [**Spark Datasource Configs**](#SPARK_DATASOURCE): These configs control the Hudi Spark Datasource, providing ability to define keys/partitioning, pick out the write operation, specify how to merge records or choosing query type to read.
- [**Flink Sql Configs**](#FLINK_SQL): These configs control the Hudi Flink SQL source/sink connectors, providing ability to define record keys, pick out the write operation, specify how to merge records, enable/disable asynchronous compaction or choosing query type to read.
- [**Write Client Configs**](#WRITE_CLIENT): Internally, the Hudi datasource uses a RDD based HoodieWriteClient API to actually perform writes to storage. These configs provide deep control over lower level aspects like file sizing, compression, parallelism, compaction, write schema, cleaning etc. Although Hudi provides sane defaults, from time-time these configs may need to be tweaked to optimize for specific workloads.
- [**Metastore and Catalog Sync Configs**](#META_SYNC): Configurations used by the Hudi to sync metadata to external metastores and catalogs.

> - [**Metrics Configs**](#METRICS): These set of configs are used to enable monitoring and reporting of keyHudi stats and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Metrics Configs**](#METRICS): These set of configs are used to enable monitoring and reporting of key Hudi stats and metrics.
```

Reviewer: Put up a fix on the source: https://github.com/apache/hudi/pull/9295
